hey everybody so today I am going to be
doing my top fall nail polish pick so I
have 9 to show you most of them are SE
and OPI most of them are SE actually and
then I have one drugstore ones but
basically for the fall I like to wear
like dark colors like everybody else
like navies and reds and purples and
stuff like that I like a darker nail
polish that's what I love about fall and
you get to wear a darker nails so these
are basically my top 9 favorite and in
pic 10 I don't know why these are the
ones that I just picked out I didn't
have a number in mind I was just like
I'm just gonna pick out whichever ones I
go to absolutely love so some of them
are new and some of them are from like
past fall collections so yeah I'm pretty
sure you can still get all of them
though so let's go ahead and get so that
is what I want to talk about is from
Revlon and it's called fashionista and
it's just a really nice deep dark kind
of teal color and it's a cream finish um
so it's showing up a little more blue on
camera than it actually is in person
it's more of like a deep teal not like a
navy blue or anything like this I really
love this I got this probably two Falls
ago and it's just a really good go-to
this is opaque in one coat and yeah I
really love this I love all Revlon
polishes but this one's a favorite from
fall time so this next polish is by OPI
and it's from their new Germany line and
this is called every month is
Oktoberfest and it's been my favorite
nail polish this fall so far um this is
kind of just a deep burgundy with like a
reddish gold kind of duochrome in it
it's so so pretty it's one of those
almost black colors but in the sunlight
it's the most gorgeous color ever so I
think these are really popular for the
fall time and burgandy's like the it
color this fall so I definitely
recommend picking up this polish this is
the one that stood out the most for me
in the Germany OPI so the next color
have by OPI is you don't know Jacques
and I believe this was from a collection
as well but I'm not sure but I picked
this up um I think in January it was a
while ago um but it's just a really nice
kind of brownish gray cream finish
polish it's one of those you either hate
it or love these kind of polishes but I
think it looks really
I'm short stubby kind of nails it's one
of my favorites it's just a very neutral
nail polish colors so I like this one
it's a go-to for the box and my last
polish by OPI is Linkin Park at midnight
and I know there's a Linkin Park at dark
but this is the purplish one so that's
it is it's like a dark deep purple base
with like a silver and purple duochrome
in it it's one of those again almost
black but purple nail polishes it's
really deep dark and I love these colors
for the Fall
I just think you have to have at least
one of the Linkin Park kind of colors so
I love this one it's one of my favorites
so moving on to se the one nail polish
that I have that isn't very dark is a
nude and this is kind of a blush like ma
vie pink nude and this is from Essie and
it's called ladylike so this is a really
nice kind of pinky blush Bobby nude and
it has a cream finish so I love this
polish when I just want a very simple
clean look on my nails so this next
color by Essie is called wicked and this
is one of those again Amla Lac it's like
a burgundy a deep burgundy reddish color
it's a cream finish and I love this
color I think it's just like perfect
burgundy color it's cream finish so you
can't go wrong and I really like cream
finishes if you couldn't tell for a fall
time I think those are just like the
best looking on the nail but I really
like this just plain Burgundy I think
it's a staple for a fall nail polish
place the next color I have from Essie
is called bobbing for baubles and this
is just your perfect cream finish navy
blue it's just a very dark navy color
and I really love this color I wear a
lot of navy blue during the fall and
winter time so I love this and what's
next SC polish is called power clutch
and this is just a kind of green gray
almost color I don't know it's a really
strange color but it looks kind of like
army green deep deep green with a little
bit of grey and brown mixed in with it
it's a cream finish and I love this one
I believe this came out last year for
their Fall collection or maybe even
winter collection but I love this polish
and I'm pretty sure you can still get it
today so the last step but I have to
talk about is by Essie and it's dive bar
and this is one of my all-time favorites
nail polishes I will paint this on my
nails all year round I love it this is
like a dark blue base with some
tea lush green and purple duochrome it's
the prettiest color on your nails it
looks really dark but when it hits the
light it's amazing so I love this color
and I recommend this for any season but
especially the fall time in the winter
time is when I love to rock this color
so it is absolutely pretty it's so
absolutely beautiful it's like oh so
pretty so I recommend this polished the
most I absolutely love it it's one of my
fall must-haves so that is my top 9 fall
nail polishes I hope you girls enjoyed
this video and got some new nail polish
recommendations leave your favorites in
the comments down below or a video
response of what your favorite nail
polishes are and I will see you all in
my next video bye
Oh your top okay okay Shh wait five six
six six
all right and so the last polish I have
to talk about is also right yes but
that's what we did either be that make
your nose with this color it will look
so pretty on her what is healthy or Neal
please cut off oh that's fun I thought I
should put a farewell oh well oh ha ha
come on I'm so sleep erasers no it's
nice whoa but I love him hi well you are
you
yeah